fix(js): Clarify scope setting docs (#13635)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/enriching-events/scopes/index.mdx

## Configuring the Scope

> In most cases, you should use the top-level methods like `Sentry.setTag()` directly, which will set the data on the isolation scope, ensuring it is applied to all events related to the current request/process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, you should use top-level methods like `Sentry.setTag()` directly, which will set the data on the isolation scope, ensuring it is applied to all events related to the current request/process.
```

> If you want to apply data to a more narrow scope, you can use `withScope` to create a new scope that is only active for a specific part of your code. `withScope` receives the scope as callback argument, which you can use to set data on the scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to apply data to a more narrow scope, you can use `withScope` to create a new scope that is only active for a specific part of your code. `withScope` receives the scope as a callback argument, which you can use to set data on the scope.
```

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/import" />

You can, for instance, add custom tags or inform Sentry about the currently authenticated user.

```javascript
Sentry.setTag("my-tag", "my value");
Sentry.setUser({
  id: 42,
  email: "john.doe@example.com",
});

// Alternatively, you can use `withScope` as documented below.
```

To learn what useful information can be associated with scopes see
[context](../context/), [tags](../tags), [users](../identify-user) and [breadcrumbs](../breadcrumbs/).

> Note that we generally recommend to avoid using `getCurrentScope()` and setting data on it, as the current scope can have an unreliable lifetime. Instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you avoid using `getCurrentScope()` and setting data on it, as the current scope can have an unreliable lifetime. Instead:
```
